Functional Requirements
1. Units
   1. The unit shall have a health meter.
   2. The unit shall have a magic meter.
   3. The unit shall have multiple attributes that determine combat stats.
   4. The Unit Shall be able to attack enemy units.
   5. The Units Shall be able to heal allied units.
2. Save System
   1. The player shall be allowed to save their progress, in terms of map progression, unit attributes, and character relationships, at any non-battle time.
   2. The player shall be allowed to have multiple saves at a time.
3. Inventory System
   1. The player shall be allowed to access an inventory system, which shall allow them to equip and unequip items from various units.
   2. The player shall be able to access a market, which shall allow them to sell and buy various items for a resource such as gold, or another currency.
   3. The player shall be able to equip units with a variety of equippable items that affect combat stats.
4. Map System
   1. The system shall have a movement grid.
   2. The map shall have different varieties of terrain which impact movement and combat stats.
   3. The game shall have a method of displaying map progression.
5. Relationship System
   1. Heart points shall be generated by interactions nearby a friendly unit, such as attacking an enemy while being adjacent to a friendly unit.
   2. Heart points shall be used to unlock relationship scenes with other friendly units.
   3. Relationship scenes shall be able to be re-watched.
6. Combat System
   1. The combat system shall have a turn tracker and start with the player's turn.
   2. The combat system shall show damage dealt to allied units and enemy units.
7. Player Control
   1. The player shall be able to use menus to navigate between different game screens, such as the map, settings, or inventory management.

Nonfunctional Requirements
1. Units
   1. It should be easy to understand whether a unit is friendly or an enemy.
2. Save System
   1. The save system shall be easy to use.
3. Inventory System
   1. The inventory system shall have an accessible and user friendly interface.
4. Map System
   1. The battle map screen shall allow many different units to be present on the field at a time.
   2. The movement system shall be intuitive.
   3. The game shall have at least 1 playable map.
5. Relationship System
   1. Each character shall have at least 3 relationship scenes with another character.
   2. Relationship scenes shall load quickly.
   3. Relationship scenes shall be easily accessed when rewatching.
6. Combat System
   1. The combat system shall feel good to use.
   2. The magic system shall be easy to understand.
   3. The battle map shall load in quickly and correctly.
7. Player Control
   1. The player controls shall be intuitive and easy to understand.
   2. The player shall not be allowed to move enemy units as they would their normal units.

